Last week I requested answering machine messages.  Here are the ones I've
gotten so far:

[I haven't posted names of originators because I'm lazy and editing this was
already a pain.  Sorry.]

Ron

%
This is one of my old ones that got a lot of laughs:


<Phone Rings>

Noisy pick-up of phone

Uh...<wisperingly> Hello?

Hi, I 'm a burgular and I was just about to steal Troy's answering machine.
If you give me your name and number I'll..uh, I'll post it on the 'frige
where he'll see it.  Uh.. by the way, where did you say you live?

%
But right now I'm using "This is a boring answering machine message.
Leave a message anyway." because I'm sick of people ringing the phone
at 10am just so they can hear the clever messages I usually have, and
then hanging up without even leaving a "like your message" message.
Feh!

%
[Must have good Australian accent]
G'day mate.  Can't come to the phone now because I'm a bit tied up with
this crocodile.  Just leave a message, and I'll get back to you.

%
This is the Literacy Self Test Hotline.  After the tone, leave your name and
number and recite a sentence using today's vocabulary word.  Today's word
is supercilious                                                 ...}

%
The President is not in his office at this time.  Please leave your name,
phone number, the name of the country you wish to invade, and the secret
password.

%
Kemosabe no in tipi now.  You leave'um message after little smoke signal,
and Kemosabe get back for pow-wow real fast.

%
Also, on the subject of answering machins, my favorite tape was:
"This is Jeff, you're not in now so I'll leave a message."
Really confused people.

%
A bubble in the space-time continuum has connected your line to a channeler
in the 23rd Century.  Any message you leave will be broadcast into the
future....

%
Hello.  I can't come to the phone now because--HEY, GEORGE!  DON'T STAND
ON THAT--goddam.  ...because I've invited George and Barbara Bush over
<loud music cuts in>...BARBARA!  HEY!  DON'T FUCK WITH THAT!...over for
dinner.  After the tone...BARBARA, CALL YOUR DOG...MILLIE! DOWN GIRL!
...shit...Leave a message after the tone...HEY, FUCKHEAD...<beep>

%
Hello.  Lindsey's not home now--this is his domestic droid speaking.
I'm not programmed to answer the phone, so just leave a message, and
Lindsey will get back to you as soon as possible.

%
"Hi! You have reached 579-7599.  This is an answering machine.  This is the
Eighties.  You know what to do."

%
My wife and I can't come to the phone right now, but if you'll leave
your name and number we'll get back to you as soon as we're finished.

%
Ring, Ring:
The number you have xxx-xxxx (your number) has been changed, the
new number is xxx-xxxx (again, your number). CULATA!

%
"Hello, and welcome to Answering Machines of the Rich and Famous!
(your name here) can't come to the phone right now, because he's
spending the week in his beautiful summer home on the French Riviera..."

%
One day I had a borrowed Casio sampler toy and used it to create a
rather interesting one:

Hello. You have reached Tooooommmmmm Tom Tm! Tom and
MaMaMaMarMMMMaark's room. Tom is studying ssttuuddyyiinngg sssssssssssss
and MaMark isn'isn'isn'isn't here. isn't here. P-P-Pleas! leave a
messssssssage. Goodbye. 'bye! bye!bbyebybyyeyeyebbye  {byes repeating
at all different pitches}

%
Last year my roommate had a machine but he hated to make the outgoing
message. Stage fright, I guess. So I usually made them. One that we
usually used during exam time was:

{background music: Billy Joel's _Pressure_ very loud}
Hello. You have reached Tom and Mark's room. We're a little busy now...
{ BJ screams PRESSURE!!! }
So, leave a message and we'll get back to you someday after (exam end
date)
{ BJ: ONE TWO THREE FOUR PRESSURE!!! followed by a very out-of-tune BEEP! }

%
My favorite message that I ever had was the *real* message I recorded
off 1-800-CALL-SPY, the U.S. army snitching network. Try it, its a great
recording (call after 5 pm for the message).

[Give it try!  -pZ]

%
<Ring>
In the background can be heard springs creaking and various moans.

<Husky, Soft female voice is best> Hi,... You've just reached {name} pleasure
palace. We're all busy as I'm sure you can tell but when we're done... we'll
get back to you in whatever way we can. <Beep>

You wouldn't believe how much explaining my mother wanted on that one...

%
    [b.g. music is frantic, violin oriented]
    "hello.  you have reached xxx-xxxx.  we are currently unable to answer
    because we are either chasing, or being chased by, bats.  please leave
    a message..." etc.

%
    [the quiet, eerie vocal part of 'hello, earth' by kate bush]
    (after about 30 seconds): "hello.  you have reached xxx-xxxx.
    we can't come to the phone right now because we're at vespers.
    please leave a message..." etc. (30 more seconds of music before
    the beep.)

%
(Spoken in a granny voice)

"Way back inna winner of fifty-two, we didn' have fanshy gadjets like
no ansherin' machine.  You jusht had to call and call until shummbody
got home.  Now, shum people, dey shay dey don' like 'em, but I shay
it'll shave you a lotta trouble if you jusht leave a meshage.  Thanksh a
lot."

Must be spoken in a drawl.

%
Well, this isn't strictly from an answering machine, but...
>From Calvin and Hobbes:

(phone rings)
(you answer)  Hello, this is <...> speaking.  I'd like a large pizza
with extra anchovies.
(other person)  What?
(you reply)  Oh, sorry, I must have a wrong number.
(hang up)

Make everyone's day a little more surreal.

%
"I'm home right now . . . I'm just screening my calls.  So just start talking
and if you're someone I want to speak to I'll pick up the phone.  Otherwise,
well, what can I say?

%
In Japan, the hand can be used like a knife.
[sound effect: Heeeeee-YAH!, smashing box of kleenex]
But this method doesn't work with a telephone call...
[sound effect: dial tone]
Introducing the all-new GINSU answering machine! It cuts, it chops,
it slices, it dices your incoming calls!  How much would you pay?
Don't answer, because if you leave your name and number when you
hear the tone, we'll throw in a return phone call ABSOLUTELY FREE!

%
"Hi, you have reached .... Please leave your name, phone number and a
message and if we like it we will return your call".

%
However, the most effective one I have had so far can be used only one day
per year: "This is David.  I'm not using the phone over Yom Kippur, so please
leave a message or call back after the holiday."  No one wants to admit not
having realized it was Yom Kippur or not knowing I would pick one holiday from
the whole calendar on which to get observant, so everyone hangs up and leaves
me no bad news or requests for favors.

%
"This is David.  Talk."

%
"Hi.  This is David.  I've shut the ringers off on my phones and taken a
sedative.  As soon as I finish this recording I'm going to bed indefinitely.
When I wake up I'll play my messages.  Please leave one."

%
[with a kazoo band playing "Thus Spake Zarathustra" in the background...]
"Thinking you were making an ordinary phone call, you have instead
reached..." [YA-DAAAAAAAAA!] "...the ANSWERING MACHINE!  Leave your name
and number, and we will get back to you as soon as we can."

%
"Hello, this is Dr. Pangloss.  If this were the best of all possible worlds,
I could come to the phone right now, but I can't, so if you could leave your
name and number..."

%
     "Hello?" <pause for a few seconds> "Sorry, he's not here right now,
but if you leave a message, he'll get back to you."

%
Just after the earthquake a friend of mine put on his answering machine:

     "Hi, this is Jeff.  We can't get to the phone right now because we
were killed in the Earthquake.  Tragic, isn't it?  But, leave a
message anyway, someone is sure to get it eventually."  BEEP

My favorite post quake message:

    "Hi, we're not in cause we're out LOOTING!
     Leave a message and we'll call you back and tell you what we got."

%
"Hello, I'm not hear right now.  In fact, I'm out getting a new parakeet.
 If you leave a message after the beep, I'll be sure to get back to you.
 Oh, and by the way, a word of advice; never try to clean a parakeet cage
 with a vacuum cleaner."

%
Ring...click....(sound of loud music in background)...Hello? - just
a second while I turn the stereo off (sound of person running to
click off music, which gets quiet.  sound of person running back
to phone) OK, sorry about that, hi there, who's this...well hi!...
uh huh...yeah...well listen you're talking to a machine, so please
leave a message and I'll call you back.

(this ran for a while until a friend threatened to kill us after
she said she had a 2 minute conversation with the machine.)


%
A friend was at a mutal friend's sister's house, and when she went out for
beer, he changed her answering machine message.  In a loud, deep, gravely,
horror-film voice he recorded, "HI, THIS IS KATHY, I'M NOT MYSELF RIGHT NOW.
IF YOU LEAVE YOUR NAME AND NUMBER, I'LL GET BACK TO YOU WHEN I'M FEELING
BETTER."

%
    Hi this is <name>. I'm sorry I can't answer the phone right now.
    Leave a message and then wait by the phone until I call you back.

%
In the background can be heard Gregorian Chant or some other church music
<In a soft voice> Good Day My child, you have reached {name} dial a confession.
At the tone if you will leave your name, number and short confession I will get
back to you with your pennance. Thank you and may God go with you. <Beep>

%
"Steve has been captured by a flying saucer and can't come to the phone
right now, but if you leave your name, phone number, and a message I'll
have him call you back as soon as he gets away.  Read all about it in
next week's National Enquirer."

%
"Steve is reassembling Elvis' brain and can't come to the phone right
now, but if you leave your name ...", etc.

%
(Annoying flute music in background)
Good day, Jim.  Your contact, [insert name], is not available right now.
Your mission, should you choose to accept it, is to leave your name,
number, and a brief message at the tone.  This tape will self-destruct
in thirty seconds.
Good Luck, Jim.

%
A friend of mine at school has this message, read by three people while
the STAR TREK theme plays in the background.
     1:  Room 17, the final frontier.
     2:  These are the messages of Chad's answering machine.  Its 2 semester
         mission:  to seek out your name and your telepohne number.
     3:  To boldly inform you to wait for the tone.

%
    "Finally get an answering machine. Now how does this thing work? Hmmm.
Press record button, I did that, and the light should be on. I wonder why it's
not working right. Hmmmm, I wonder what this button does......"

%
    "This is (#include phone.addr). We are not ... excuse me a moment,
please. Put your sister down. PUT YOUR SISTER DOWN! (sound of window breaking)
Great! What a mess. I'll have to get back to you later."

%
"Hello.  I'm Osob's answering machine.  What are you?"

%
[imitating Mr. Rogers]
"Hello.  I'm in the Magic Kingdom right now, so I can't come to the phone.
Can you leave your name and number when you hear the sound of the tone?
Sure...I knew you could." <BEEP>

%
[imitating Ensign Chekov]
"Oh, sair...it was *Khan*!  He made us say things...do things...he
kept us from answering the phone!  But Keptin was strong, and if you
leave your name and number, Keptin will get back to you as soon as
he can!"  <BEEP>

%
"You have reached the <city>,<state> Strategic Air Command Nuclear
Missle Storage Facility.  We are unable to come to the phone right
now.  At the tone, please leave you name, number and target or list of
targets and we'll launch as soon as we can.  And have a nice day."

%
"We are unable to come to the phone right now.  At the tone, please
leave your name, number, and Master Card, Visa, or American Express
account number and we'll get back to, pending credit approval."

%
 "Hello, this is Jim. Unfortunately I can't answer the phone right now
  because I've just come back from the Mirror Worlds and I'm still made
  up of antimatter, so if I were to pick up the phone right now, the
  resulting energy release would make Hiroshima look like a wet firecracker.
  So leave a message at the tone and I'll get back to you as soon as my
  component particles have been restored to their normal charges."

%
 "Speak, worm!" <beep>
  Works best if done in a Darth Vader voice.

%
 "You know what to do at the tone." <beep>

%
 "Hello?" <beep>
  This confuses anyone who doesn't know you.

%
 "Hello, I'm not here." <beep>
  A friend of mine used this one last summer. I always answered it with
  "Okay, that's all I wanted to know."

%
   Hi!! You've reached Janet and Chris's room. We're not in right now.
If this is our parents, we're at the library studying. Yeah, yeah,
that's it, that's the ticket. If this is John (Chris's boyfriend), Chris
is out with the girls at the party. Yeah, that's it. If this is any one
else, we're at a party and you're not. Yeah, a party with the president.
Yeah and the .... pope. Yeah that's it. <beep>

%

Hello, this is <insert your name here>.  I'm home right now, and in
a few moments, I'll have a decision to make.
BEEEP!

%
    [Theme from "Indiana Jones" in the background.]
    You've reached the residence of John and Tom.  We can't
    come to the phone right now, because we're cleaning the
    refrigerator.  Please leave your name and number, and
    we'll get back to you.
    [Theme from "Indiana Jones" continues until the beep.]

%
Hi!  John's answering machine is broken.  This is his
    refrigerator.  Please speak very slowly, and I'll stick
    your message to myself with one of these magnets.

%
    Thank you for calling the Metropolitan Church of the Holy Bible.
    Today's commandment is Number 6, Thou shalt not...  er...  bear
    a...  er...  shalt not witness thy...  uh...  neighbor's ass,
    oh, I mean, false...  er...  shalt not commit a bear...  dern...

%
    How do you leave a message on this thing?  I can't understand
    the instructions.  Hello.  Testing 1 2 3.  I wonder what happens
    if I touch this... YOW!!
%
    I can't come to the phone now, so if, well, actually, I CAN come
    to the phone now, I mean, like, I'm at the phone NOW, recording
    this message, but I'm doing this NOW, while you're listening to
    it LATER, except for you I guess it's NOW, like, when you're
    listening to it...  I mean, like, wait, gosh.  This is so
    confusing.

%
    Don't you do it!  Don't you dare!  I don't want to hear it!
    Don't you beep!  If you beep, I'll...  don't even think about
    it!...  Don't...!

%
    After the tone, leave your name, number, and tell where you left
    the money.  I'll get back to you as soon as it's safe for you to
    come out of hiding.

%
    Prepare for alpha test of Beep Software revision 1.05.  Counting
    down to test:  5...  4...  3...  2...  1...

%
    As the drugs take hold, you feel you are losing your grip on
    reality.  You begin to hallucinate.  You see a telephone...  the
    telephone is next to an answering machine...  you hear a faint
    click and a light flashes on the answering machine...  you hear
    a beep...

%
    You're growing tired.  Your eyelids are getting heavy.  You feel
    very sleepy now.  You are gradually losing your willpower and
    your ability to resist suggestions.  When you hear the tone you
    will feel helplessly compelled to leave your name, number, and a
    message.

%
    No!  NO!  Not THAT!  Anything but that!  Not the beep!  No!
    Please!  Not the beep!  Anything but the beep!
    AAAAIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEE!
%
    This is a test.  This is a test of the Answering Machine
    Broadcast System.  This is only a test.

%
    Next on Public Radio 91 we'll be hearing music of Antonin
    Dvorak.  This is the Beep Serenade in C-Sharp Minor, Opus 72...

%
    [Sung to the tune of "Ride of the Valkyries"]
    Leave a message...  leave a message...  etc.

%
    Thanks for calling Dial-A-Shrink.  I can't come to the phone
    right now, so after the tone, please leave your name and number,
    then talk briefly about your childhood and tell me what comes to
    mind when you hear the following words:  orange...  mother...
    unicorn...  penis.  I'll get back to you with my diagnosis as
    soon as possible.

%
    [For Shakespeare lovers only]
    So long as phones can ring and eyes can see,
    So leave a message, and I'll get back to thee.

%
    [VOICE 1]  Answer the phone, please, Hal.
    [VOICE 2]  I'm sorry, Dave, I can't do that.

%
    I can't come to the phone right now because I'm down in the
    basement printing up a fresh new batch of 20 dollar bills.  If
    you need any money, or if you just want to check out my
    handiwork, please leave your name, number, and how much cash you
    need after the tone.  If you're from the Department of the
    Treasury, please ignore this message.

%
    Thank you for calling the Confessional Hotline.  Father Durway's
    not here right now, but if you'll leave your name, number, and
    confession at the tone, he'll get back to you with absolution as
    soon as possible.  And remember, confession doesn't count unless
    you confess all of your sins in vivid, graphic detail!

%
    Andy Warhol said that one day everyone will be famous for 15
    minutes.  Well, your 15 minutes was last week, but since you
    weren't ready, we gave it to Vanna White.  Sorry.

%
    C'mon...  you can do it...  just a little one.  That's the
    way...  just a little beep, just a little one.  C'mon...  good
    boy...  here we go...  like this -- beeeeep, just a little one,
    beeeeeeeeeep, c'mon...  There you go!

%
    I can't come to the phone now because I have amnesia and I feel
    stupid talking to people I don't remember.  I'd appreciate it if
    you could help me out by leaving my name and telling me
    something about myself.  Thanks.

%
    I can't come to the phone now because alien beings are eating my
    brain.  Leave a message anyway, and after the alien beings
    assume my shape, one of them will get back to you.

%
    Thanks for calling Dial-An-Asshole.  Right now, all our assholes
    are busy.  After the tone, leave your name and number, and we'll
    have an asshole return your call as soon as possible.

%
Ok, One more time...
This is our answering machine...
This is the message on our answering machine...
...Any questions?

%
    Hi, can I speak to Mark?...Oh, there isn't?...I'm sorry,
    I must have dialed the wrong number.

%
    <beep, beep, beep>
    The number you have reached,
    Seven.  Six.  Seven.  One.  Two.  Three.  Four.
    [Use your number here.]
    has not been disconnected and is still in service.
    Please leave a message at the sound of the tone.


%
       "Hi, you've reached 1-900-CALL-BREN, my personal message line where
        you can talk to me, Bren.  I'll tell you all about how I'm suffering
        in between sports seasons and about my part time hobby of being a
        power forward for the Portland Trailblazers.  I'll tell my deepest
        secrets, such as my desire to be kidnapped by short blonde sorority
        girls wearing short jean skirts, and you can decide whether or not
        I'm wearing pants.  Selected callers will get to talk to me live.
        Since you're not one of them, leave your own personal secret at the
        beep. "

%
 In a vaguely phoneco-operator voice: "I'm sorry, you have reached an
imaginary number. Would you please rotate your telephone by ninety
degrees and try your call again."

   A few people even got the joke...

%
"You have just dialed into the North American Air Defense Contract Center.
Stand by at the tone to give coordinates and destination of incoming bogey.
TNR Surveillance will scramble. If you do not respond, this unit will assume
incoming, non-important."

%

"Lucifer speaking, who in the hall do you want?"

%

"Heaven, God speaking."

%

 "City Morgue, you kill 'em, we chill 'em; You stab 'em, we slab 'em!"

%
"Thank you for calling Soviet Embassy.  No KG... Er, no diplomats are
able to answer phone, so at sound of capitalist tone, leave name,
telephone number, and short description of secrets you wish to sell."

%
"I've set up my answering machine so that when anyone calls, they
   here a busy signal."

%
If you are a burgler, then we are probably at home but can't come
        to the phone right now
Otherwise, we probably aren't at home.

%
The number you've dialed is purely imaginary, multiply by i and dial again!

%
     This is you-know who.
     We are you-know-where.
     Leave your you-know-what you-know-when.

%
Another one I've done more than once is to slowly increase the pitch
and speed of my voice while recording the message to make it sound
like the machine is broken:

(start, low pitch, slow)
"Hhhhheeelllllloooooo thheeeerrrrrrre evvvvveerrrryyyboooodyyyy....

(middle, normal)
..home of Veronica, Jaw-Chyi, Mark and Mike. Nobody's home...

(later, high pitch, fast)
..butifyou'dliketoleaveamessageafterthetonethen...

(end, incomprehensible chipmunk gibberish)
..kkfjdkeirucjkljfkldjrioutjkjfdskoreudjfkleqBEEP!"

%
    This is not an answering machine -- this is a telepathic
    thought-recording device.  After the tone, think about your
    name, your reason for calling, and a number where I can reach
    you, and I'll think about returning your call.

%
    "E'llo."
    "My name is Inigo Montonya."
    "You killed my father."
    "Leave your name and number, and prepare to die."
    <beep>

%
My favorite that I have heard as an answering machine message is also
from this movie.  My friend recorded the section that goes something
like:

    "I'm writing the definative work on pain, and I would like you
to tell me how the machine makes you feel.  Remember, be honest.  This
is for posterity."

%
The message I currently have on my recorder is the output from my Amiga's
speech sythesizer.  It's set up as a dialog between two distict, but
recognizably artificial voices.  I thought it sort of mediocre myself, but
have gotten quite a number of amused comments about it.
-----
1> Hello, there are no real people here to answer the phone right now.

2> Yeah, nobody but us machines!

1> Right, just us machines, but don't hang up!  If you like, you can leave
   your name and telephone number...

2> ...and a message!  You forgot about the message!

1> Right.  Leave your name, telephone number, and a brief message after you
   hear the beep, and we will keep track of this stuff until the real people
   get back.

2> ...unless of course, sombody pulls out our plug!

%
I taped theoperator saying "we're sorry.  The number you have reached
has been disconnected or is no longer is service..."

%
 From Halloween this year:

    (Ominous electronic background music.)

    Hi, this is Jim. In honor of Halloween, I'm about to perform
    an unspeakable pagan ritual. So please leave a message. Oh,
    unless you're a virgin, in which case, why don't you stop by?
    SINT MIHI DEI ACHERONTIS PROPITII...

%

    (French monologue in the background)

    Around the world today, millions still speak French as either
    a first or second language. But with your continued support
    and help, we can wipe out French in our lifetime. Please leave
    a message in English at the tone, and remember, if someone
    tries to speak French to you, just say, "non".

%

    Hi, this is Jim. Welcome to my Fun Phone Line, where you can
    talk to my answering machine for only $.95 per minute! Please
    leave your credit card number at the tone...

%

    Hi, this is Jim. Thanks for calling during my spring pledge
    drive. A basic membership is only $30, and a $60 pledge gets
    you an "I love Jim Shea" T-shirt. Please wait for the tone,
    and thank you for your pledge.

%

How about the 'Fraudian Slip Answer'? Like this:

<Whoever> here. What can I do to-----I MEAN-----FOR you?

%
Try the following next time the phone rings:

You (when you answer):  Hello, is Jimmy there?

Caller: No, I'm afraid you have a wrong number.

You: Oh.  Sorry.

Caller: No problem... (click)

